hi I'm Brenda Walton I've been designing
with sizzix for about two years this is
my third collection and it's all about
celebrating with botanicals I just love
gardening I love flowers and I think
flowers lend themselves really well to
all kinds of home decor and entertaining
projects as well as card-making tag
making and any other paper crafting or
fabric crafting projects that you can
imagine I'll show you a few projects
that I've made this is a wreath that is
made with the camellia die that is in
this collection and the wonderful thing
is you can just use so many different
pattern papers and colors and really
make some beautiful Garland's wreaths
and and other fun projects using these
these are some flowers that are made
with the new diet this is called the
gerbera daisy and these are both made
with a camellia and i'm using both
scrapbooking papers and tissue paper as
well as crepe paper so it's really
wonderful to combine all those different
textures also new in this collection is
the cutest little cupcake stand and I've
made this one out of a wood paper but
you can use regular paper many different
materials for it and it's just the
perfect size to hold a single cupcake so
if you're having a party and you want to
give each one of your guests a cupcake
or a special little favor then you can
do so with these here's another example
and I've actually taken an acrylic wine
glass cut off the stem and turned it
upside down to make a cute little kind
of diorama on that same little stand and
the packaging shows these cute little
butterfly cars which works as both a
little gift card to hang on a gift or
it'd be a cute little note card and also
it opens up to reveal a little card
inside that is actually the same exact
size as a regular gift card that you'd
get from a store so that's kind of very
cool
little aspect and this is what the
packaging looks like for the butterfly
gift card and then this is the lotus
flower there are three different flowers
the camellia and the gerbera daisy and
you can see all the different sizes of
flowers you get in each of those dies
and then we've got these beautiful
oversized leaves if you love making
Garland's or even gift tags those giant
leaves are really sensational and then
this is the hanging pendant it's called
a heart pendant and these are some
examples of it and they're really
wonderful say if you're having a party
and you wanted to create a whole wall of
those Garland's they come together very
quickly as do all of the products in my
line the flowers are really super quick
project here is the cupcake stand and
and then there's also a TI in this line
so there's really a tremendous amount of
variety and I like the fact that now all
the Lions are starting to come together
this is the third collection and now you
can use all of these dies at once and
that's really wonderful if you already
have several of them so thank you for
your time it's been really fun creating
this line I hope you enjoy using it